Update plugins and reports readme (#7026)
msupply-foundation/open-msupply: client/packages/plugins/README.md

```
git submodule add [your-plugin-bundle-repo-url] client/packages/plugins/myPluginBundle
```
>   You will need to have github authentication set up to add restricted access repos from command line. [github cli](https://cli.github.com/) can conveniently set up github command line authentication access.  Other [alternative methods](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/about-authentication-to-github) are also available.

> With GitHub, I usually insert a blockquote.

Reviewer: I don't understand this comment?

Author: Whoops yes this was me copy pasting markdown formatting comment from stack exchange to make my note!

> Note the `myPluginBundle` can be anything. The inner repository and core will be treated as two different repositories, changes in them will only be reflected in relative repositories (i.e. you can add the inner repository as local repository https://cli.github.com/in github desktop). Make sure that you don't commit the `.gitmodule` or the single `client/packages/plugins/{your plugin bundle name}` to the core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the `myPluginBundle` can be anything. The inner repository and core will be treated as two different repositories, changes in them will only be reflected in relative repositories (i.e. you can add the inner repository as local repository https://cli.github.com/in github desktop). Make sure that you don't commit the `.gitmodules` file or the files under `client/packages/plugins/{your plugin bundle name}` to the main app.
```
